Examples on DatilTest + Implement Payments (#39)
LIT-Protocol/developer-guides-code: session-signatures/getPkpSessionSigs/README.md

1. Using an imported Ethereum private key, connect the wallet to the Lit RPC endpoint `Chronicle Yellowstone`
2. Connect to the Lit network using the LitNodeClient on the `datil-test` network, specifying the local storage to hold the generated session signature and keypair
3. Connect the `LitContracts` client to the Lit network
4. Mint a PKP using the `pkpNftContractUtils.write.mint` method from `LitContracts`.
    - You may receive a gas error if your `ethersSigner` has insufficient tokens. This can be fixed by acquiring more tokens from [the faucet](https://chronicle-yellowstone-faucet.getlit.dev/) for the `Chronicle Yellowstone` blockchain
5. Mint a [`capacityCreditsNFT`](https://developer.litprotocol.com/sdk/capacity-credits) and define the request limit and expiration date
6. Use the `capacityCreditsNFT` to create a `capacityDelegationAuthSig`
7. Generate a wallet signature to use as an [`AuthMethod`](https://v6-api-doc-lit-js-sdk.vercel.app/interfaces/types_src.AuthMethod.html)
8. Get the session signatures for the newly minted PKP. Any network costs will be undertaken by the `dAppOwnerWallet` specified in the `capacityDelegationAuthSig`

**NOTE**
---

> When using `getPkpSessionSigs`, you have multiple authentication options. You can use `AuthSigs`, `AuthMethods`, or `Lit Actions`, and you're not strictly limited to using an `AuthMethod`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `getPkpSessionSigs`, you have multiple authentication options. You're not strictly limited to using an `AuthMethod`, you can also use `AuthSigs`, or `Lit Actions`.
```
